{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh13300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Analysis of crystals\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 For case 1.1, \
{\listtext	\'95	}In the r-PDF, to an approximation, sigma = .1, so sigma^2 = .01. That means <Z2> = .01, so we expect <r> = .005, which is consistent with the r-PDF peak.\
{\listtext	\'95	}In the Z2-PDF, the slope of each cascade (straight-line segment) gives information about that cascade. The small-sigma cascade, with sigma=0.11 (6 degrees). The large-sigma cascade has sigma=0.31 (17 degrees).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
For case 1.5, \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}From the Z2-PDF, we\'92re getting one cascade with sigma=0.26 (14 degrees) and a large-sigma cascade with sigma=0.41 (21 degrees).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Remember that the roughness parameter (r or Z2) indicates tilt, not height. So the the horizontal wavelength could be anything. A straight line in Z2-PDF means growth (or ablation) scales with that coefficient. So there is one roughness growth mode based on sigma1, another on sigma2. Can we associate a micro-facet with each mode of instability?\
\
Mullins-Sekerka theory: The physical idea is that small perturbations experience in which capillary action that smooths out (counteracts) the growth, so there\'92s a minimum perturbation surface spatial wavelength, or a maximum perturbation surface spatial wavenumber (\'93kcrit\'94). There\'92s also a fastest-growing wavenumber, kmax<kcrit (the relation is kmax=kcrit/3^(1/2)). That would be a characteristic wavelength of the growth.\
\
Tribelsky and Anisimov\'92s theory: Tribelsky-Anisimov begins with Mullins-Sekerka instability on a growing sphere, says that there\'92s still a maximum kcrit, but that below that value, unstable modes grow according to a power law, controlled by a \'93ksi\'94 coefficient (see their equation 19). ksi = 0.5x(l-1) where l is the degree of the spherical harmonic. The bigger l is, the bigger the k-value, the smaller the wavelength, and the faster the growth rate. So one expects a power-law cascade in k. There\'92s no kcrit (or kmax) in this theory \'97 but they assume there is one, it\'92s just missing from their theory because of an artifact of their assumptions. \
\
We are observing cascades in Z2-values, and (possibly) a characteristic wavelength. Is this consistent with either Mullins-Sekerka or Tribelsky-Anisimov? Let\'92s say Z2 is proportional to dz/lambda, where dz is a height and lambda is a horizontal wavelength. 
\i For a fixed dz
\i0 , larger Z2-values mean smaller lambda and bigger k. Bigger k-values, in T-A theory, grow faster (until the assumed kcrit)  So, a single cascade in the Z2-PDF plot would not be consistent, qualitatively, with Tribelsky and Anisimov\'92s description. \
\
Our observations, again 
\i for a fixed dz
\i0 , would seem to be consistent with Mullin-Sekerka, but only between kmax and kcrit. As far as I know, there\'92s no indication of a power cascade between those values, although there could be. Perhaps the growth rate decreases with increasing Z2 until kcrit is reached. Then another growth mode/cascade takes over. But that new growth mode would have to, effectively, begin at kmax, why would it do that?\
\
If we don\'92t admit fixed dz (and I don\'92t see why we should), then the power law distribution in Z2 has to have some other interpretation. Lets suppose each cascade corresponds to 2-d layer nucleation on a distinct microfacet. The 6-degree cascade corresponds to 2-d layer nucleation on the dominant (basal or prismatic) facet. The 14-degree corresponds to 2-d layer nucleation on another microfacet (there is the 1/2-pyramidal facet, at 14 degrees). Growth slows as parts of the surface fall away from the dominant angle, due to diffusive slowdown. }